# Project description

1. Stake

- xFORT pool:

  - Deposit:
    - Deposit FORT into xFORT. By staking in the xFORT single-sided pool, you’re able to generate passive yields just by holding FORT. The yield comes from the block rewards; 70% of which has been allocated to the xFORT single-sided staking pool. This makes the xFORT staking pool the most profitable pool to allocate your FORT to. Staking in the xFORT pool also entitles you to revenue generated by our future projects that we have lined up after the complete minting of FORT.
    - Important: By staking your FORT in the xFORT pool, the FORT will be locked up until the complete minting of 6 million FORT. 20% of the staking rewards can be redeemed in the interim. Upon the complete minting of the 6 million FORT, you’ll be able to unstake your FORT from the xFORT pool and redeem your remaining rewards (80%), rewards will be released on a 2% per week schedule.
  - Withdraw:
    - Unstake your FORT from the xFORT single-sided staking pool. Note that you’re only able to redeem 20% of the rewards earned. You can unstake your FORT from the xFORT pool once all 6 million FORT has been minted, which will then allow you to redeem the remaining 80% of rewards.

- XSGD pool:

  - Deposit:
    - Deposit XSGD into the single-sided staking pool. By staking XSGD in the single-sided pool, you’re able to generate passive yields. The yield comes from the block rewards: 1% of which has been allocated to the XSGD single-sided staking pool. Staking XSGD in the single-sided staking pool also entitles you to revenue generated by our future projects that we have lined up after the complete minting of FORT.
  - Withdraw:
    - Unstake your XSGD from the XSGD single-sided staking pool. Upon unstaking, you will not be able to receive yields from the block rewards.

2. Farm

- XSGD-FORT pool
  - Deposit:
    - You are able to generate passive yields from the block rewards: 15% of which has been allocated to the FORT-XSGD liquidity pool. When you provide FORT-XSGD liquidity, it entitles you to revenue generated by our future projects that we have lined up after the complete minting of FORT.
  - Withdraw:
    - Can harvest or withdraw at any time.

- USDC-FORT pool
  - Deposit:
    - You are able to generate passive yields from the block rewards: 14% of which has been allocated to the FORT-USDC liquidity pool. When you provide FORT-USDC liquidity, it entitles you to revenue generated by our future projects that we have lined up after the complete minting of FORT.
  - Withdraw:
    - Can harvest or withdraw at any time.

## Protocol description

1. FORT Token

- Mint 21,000,000 FORT on genesis
- No mint function
- Use FORT to delegate to delegatee on governance
- 6,000,000 FORT will sent to Bar as a vault for farm and stake
- Distribution: distribute 6 mil FORT in a period of 12 weeks (except xFORT pool described below) since deployment (6500 blocks per day)

2. Factory

- Pool 0 is pool of FORT (called xFORT): 70% reward allocation

  - Deposit: Stake FORT to earn FORT
  - Withdraw:
    - 20% reward of this pool can be withdrawn at any time,
    - Remaining 80% reward is locked, and can only be harvested after the program ends, with release rate = 2% per week.

- Pool 1 is pool of XSGD: 1% reward allocation
  - Deposit: Stake XSGD to earn FORT
  - Withdraw: withdraw at any time

- Pool 2 is pool of pair XSGD-FORT: 15% reward allocation
  - Deposit: Stake XSGD-FORT (Uniswap LP token) to earn FORT
  - Withdraw: withraw at any time

- Pool 3 is pool of pair USDC-FORT: 14% reward allocation
  - Deposit: Stake USDC-FORT (Uniswap LP token) to earn FORT
  - Withdraw: withraw at any time

3. Bar (xFORT Token)

- Use as Vault to store 6,000,000 FORT distribute for farm and stake
- Factory needs to take ownership of Bar to control FORT store in Bar (min/burn xFORT)
